Add release information about Kubeflow 1.10 (#761)
kubeflow/community: releases/release-1.10/release-team.md

# Kubeflow 1.10 Release Team

| **Role** | **Name** (**GitHub / Slack ID**) |
|----------|----------------------------------|
| Release Manager | Ricardo Martinelli (Github: [@rimolive](https://github.com/rimolive) / Slack: `Ricardo Martinelli de Oliveira`)|
| Release Manager  Shadows | Matteo Morttari (GitHub: [@tarilabs](https://github.com/tarilabs) / Slack: `Matteo Morttari`) <br> Julius von Kohout (Github: [@juliusvonkohout](https://github.com/juliusvonkohout) / Slack: `Julius von Kohout`) <br> Valentina Rodriguez Sosa (GitHub: [@varodrig](https://github.com/varodrig) / Slack: `Valentina Rodriguez Sosa`) <br> Vraj Bhatt (GitHub: [@dpoulopoulos](https://github.com/dpoulopoulos) / Slack: `Vraj Bhatt`) |
| Docs Lead | Diego Lovison (Github: [@diegolovison](https://github.com/diegolovison)) / Slack: `Diego Lovison` |
| Test Lead | Dagvanorov Lkhagvajav (GitHub: [@tombuuz](https://github.com/tombuuz) / Slack: `Dagvanorov`) |

> | Product Manager | Dimitris Poulopoulos (GitHub: []() / Slack: `Dimitris Poulopoulos`) |

Reviewer: Do we have GitHub handle for Dimitris ?

| AutoML and Training WG Liaison(s) | Sailesh Duddupudi (GitHub: [@saileshd1402](https://github.com/saileshd1402) / Slack `Sailesh Duddupudi`) |
| Notebooks WG Liaison(s) | Manos Vlassis (GitHub: [@mvlassis](https://github.com/mvlassis) / Slack: `Manos Vlassis`) |
| Platform WG Liaison(s) | Tarek Abouzeid (GitHub: [@tarekabouzeid](https://github.com/tarekabouzeid) / Slack: `Tarek Abouzeid`) |
| Pipelines WG Liaison(s) | Helber Belmiro (Github: [@hbelmiro](https://github.com/hbelmiro)) / Slack: `Helber Belmiro` |
| Data WG Liaison(s) | Milos Grubjesic (GitHub: [@milosjava](https://github.com/milosjava) / Slack: `Milos Grubjesic` ) |
| KServe Liaison(s) | Vraj Bhatt (GitHub: [@vrajjbhatt](github.com/vrajjbhatt) / Slack: `Vraj Bhatt` |

- The definition of the release team roles and responsibilities can be found at [release handbook](../handbook.md)

> - The timeline for the release can be found at [pending](README.md)

Reviewer: Should this be renamed ?
```suggestion
- The timeline for the release can be found [here](README.md).
```
